[DOCS-13494] Add resource tag filtering and tag syntax reference (#34904)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/integrations/oci.md

### Metric and log collection

Use the **Metric collection** and **Log collection** tabs to configure which metrics and logs are sent to Datadog.

> **Note**: Filters are evaluated in order: **Selected Services** acts as the primary toggle for data collection from a service, then compartment tag filters are applied, and finally resource tag filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 <div class="alert alert-info">Filters are evaluated in order:
  <ol>
  <li><strong>Selected Services</strong> acts as the primary toggle for data collection from a service.</li>
  <li>Compartment tag filters are applied.</li>
  <li>Resource tag filters are applied.</li>
  </ol>
  </div>
```

I think this section might benefit from an ordered list to make the sequence explicit. 

I do see that you use **Note** throughout the page, so feel free to ignore the formatting if you want to keep that consistency. I do recommend a more explicit show of the evaluation order. Let me know what you think!

#### Enable or disable all collection

Both the metric and log collection tabs have a main toggle to disable collection of that data type for the entire tenancy.

#### Limit collection to specific OCI services

> Use the **Selected Services** section to enable or disable collection from individual OCI services. Disabling a service stops all collection from it, regardless of any resource tag filters configured for it. When a service is enabled, resource tag filters can further narrow collection to specific resources within that service—resources without a matching inclusion tag are excluded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **Selected Services** section to enable or disable collection from individual OCI services. Disabling a service stops all collection from it, regardless of any resource tag filters configured for it. When a service is enabled, resource tag filters can further narrow collection to specific resources within that service. Resources without a matching inclusion tag are excluded.
```
Adding a period here fixes the vale below. It also offers a pause to highlight the exclusion rule.

**Note**: Service toggle changes may take up to 5 minutes to take effect.

> {{% collapse-content title="Tag filter syntax" level="h5" id="tag-filter-syntax" %}}

Reviewer: This section seems to be nested under "Limit collection to specific OCI services", but its content applies equally to compartment tags and resource tags. 

Both the "Limit collection by compartment"  and "Limit collection to specific resources"  sections link to it. 

I'd recommend moving it either:
    - Directly under the "Metric and log collection" level 3 heading (before the level 4 subsections), or
    - As its own level 4 subsection after [Limit collection to specific resources](https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/docs13494/oci-resource-tag-filtering/getting_started/integrations/oci/#limit-collection-to-specific-resources)
